UCC-CoDE eServices v51
Persistent staff sessions and secure assignment recovery

WHAT CHANGED

1. Administrator and functional-unit staff sessions are now stored in SQLite instead of server memory.
2. Staff remain signed in when the Render service restarts, provided the existing persistent disk remains mounted.
3. Only a SHA-256 hash of each browser session token is stored. The raw cookie token is not written to the database.
4. Expired or missing staff sessions on assignment forms now return the officer to the staff login page instead of displaying raw JSON.
5. After login, the officer is returned to the assigned case. Because browsers cannot safely retain an interrupted file upload, the officer must re-enter and resubmit an action that was interrupted by session expiry.
6. The same-origin check accepts both mycode360.app and www.mycode360.app, along with the trusted proxy host, while continuing to block unrelated origins.
7. PUBLIC_BASE_URL values copied with surrounding quotation marks or trailing slashes are normalised safely.
8. The health endpoint reports the SQLite session store, persistent-session status and active-session count.
9. SQLite now explicitly uses WAL mode, a 5-second busy timeout, foreign-key enforcement and NORMAL synchronous mode.

DEPLOYMENT

Keep the existing Render persistent disk mounted at:

/var/data/codeacademicservices

Keep this environment variable:

PUBLIC_BASE_URL=https://mycode360.app

The existing SUPPORT_DB_FILE setting may be retained. If it is not set, the session and Student Support tables use:

STORAGE_DIR/data/support-tickets.sqlite

Important: the SQLite session design is intended for one Render service instance using one persistent disk. If the service is later scaled to multiple instances, move sessions to a shared store such as PostgreSQL or Redis before scaling.

VERIFICATION

Run:

npm run check
npm run test:sessions
npm run test:portals

The v51 session test stops and restarts the server, verifies the existing staff cookie still works, confirms the database stores only a token hash, checks friendly sign-in recovery, and tests accepted and rejected origins.
