UCC-CoDE eServices v52
Trusted-origin recovery and legacy submission protection

WHAT CHANGED

1. Staff assignment completion now accepts browser-confirmed same-origin requests on the trusted mycode360.app host, including browsers or proxies that send an opaque or rewritten Origin value.
2. The recovery path requires the browser-controlled Sec-Fetch-Site header to report same-origin and the effective request host to be a trusted portal host.
3. Requests from unrelated websites remain blocked.
4. mycode360.app, www.mycode360.app and submission2-2z89.onrender.com are explicitly recognised during the transition period.
5. Rejected requests now display a short support code. The matching server log records the safe path, reported origin host, effective request host, fetch-site value and referrer host without exposing the secure assignment token.
6. Old Render GET and HEAD links continue to redirect permanently to the equivalent mycode360.app address.
7. In-flight POST uploads sent by an old or cached form to submission2-2z89.onrender.com are processed without redirecting the request body. The response identifies the canonical mycode360.app location.
8. The referrer policy is now strict-origin-when-cross-origin. Same-origin diagnostics remain available, while cross-origin requests disclose only the site origin and not secure paths or tokens.
9. All v51 SQLite session persistence and staff-login recovery controls remain active.

SECURITY MODEL

The same-origin recovery is not a general bypass. It is accepted only when:

- the request is being handled for a trusted portal host; and
- the browser reports Sec-Fetch-Site: same-origin.

An unrelated website reports cross-site and remains blocked. Directly trusted origins also continue to work normally.

DEPLOYMENT

Keep:

PUBLIC_BASE_URL=https://mycode360.app
STORAGE_DIR=/var/data/codeacademicservices

Keep the existing Render persistent disk mounted at /var/data/codeacademicservices.

After deployment, regenerate any staff assignment link that was exposed during troubleshooting.

VERIFICATION

Run:

npm run check
npm run test:sessions
npm run test:portals

The v52 tests cover persistent sessions, direct custom-domain origins, the www alias, the legacy Render origin, browser-confirmed same-origin recovery, rejection of cross-site requests, support-code output, preservation of legacy upload bodies and the complete assignment resolution workflow.
